README.md, before:

=Flashlib=
-----
Intended for Upper and Mid-Range PIC 8 bit microcontrollers by Microchip (ie. PIC18F, PIC16F, and PIC12F)

A simple interface to the flash memory controller used in the enhanced mid-range PIC microcontrollers. While this library was made for the PIC16F1518, it can easily be configured to work with many other microcontrollers.

This library provides functions to read, write, and erase data from flash memory. If you find any errors, or find youself making improvements when including this in your own project I encourage you to send your patches and feedback to me.
 
===Credits===
-----
This library was created by Jason White as part of a much larger project. Due to the lack of example code found on the internet, he decided to release this code as a small library for use and study by all.

Version: 1.0
Release Date: 08/06/2012

Copyright 2012 (C) Jason White <Jason@JSWhite.net> / White Waters Software

===Licence===
-----
This code is released under the Modifed BSD Licence

Copyright (c) 2012, Jason White/White Waters Software
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the White Waters Software nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL White Waters Software  BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Updated Readme  Please enter the commit message for your changes. Lines starting

README.md, after:

#===Flashlib===
-----
Intended for Upper and Mid-Range PIC 8 bit microcontrollers by Microchip

Flahlib is a simple interface to the flash memory controller used in the enhanced mid-range PIC microcontrollers. This library was created and tested for the PIC16F1518, but should work without a hitch on just about every modern PIC microcontroller.

This library provides functions to read, write, and erase data from flash memory. If you find any errors, or find youself making improvements -feel free to send patches/feedback to creator of this library: Jason White.

Note: this is intended for Microchips new XC8 compiler, its free and cross platform -you can find it on Microchip's website (microchip.com).

##===Credits===
-----
This library was created by Jason White as part of a much larger project. Due to the lack of example code found on the internet, he decided to release this code as a small library for use and study by all.

Version: 1.0
Release Date: 08/06/2012

Copyright 2012 (C) Jason White <Jason@JSWhite.net> / White Waters Software

##===Licence===
-----
This code is released under the Modifed BSD Licence

Copyright (c) 2012, Jason White/White Waters Software
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the White Waters Software nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL White Waters Software  BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
